Yeah.
What the
I'll sprinkle
I'm thinking that this septic here is
your standby, your reserve area. Okay.
So, we're we're doing the septic up
there and then these
two areas right here that you're
collecting the rain from the
[Music]
Okay, that's the
uh engineer head
Do you want it going up on a certain
area or
Well, so yeah, I'd like to So you need
to see this this and the house site
development. You might be But I could
talk to you here just a little.
So
picturey out
there and so I said
[Music]
okay
we
went I think it was going pretty much up
else
Yeah, you know the point of the house on
the
left. Okay, I was looking at it. But
what we what I didn't see in
there was just something
that I'm going to
start one of my favorite little things
here. Housite development. the limits of
disturbance shall be established in the
field beyond the proposed residential
structure. And so my question is because
when we got down
to the construction
schedule, step one is clear trees
and so the question is
is how are we going
to run
[Music]
area. Okay.
people walk
around together.
Everybody talk
[Music]
about graduated.
Never seen this
before. This is really good.
nutrient allocation worksheet right
there on the plan. Holy
mackerel happy.
[Music]
What?
This is the detail of the plan.
So this this little area here is marked
LD which is limit of disturbance and it
goes around the side of the house. This
is the build line which is where he can
build in. He doesn't have to set that.
Oh, okay. So, you think the fence is
that could be
Okay.
Yep. Goes up to the house. And then
there's another one that comes over
here.
pro
problem. And actually now that I'm
really close here, I couldn't see it. I
could see this. These might
be the topographic limits on them. So I
just couldn't see them in the register.
Okay.
Um so if that's the limit of
disturbance,
then good that way.
[Music]
They
can't burn
Hallelujah. Hallelujah.
Yes.
[Music]
Okay.
Yeah.
[Music]
This
was after two weeks Amen.
[Music]
Everybody.
Yeah.
[Music]
And so I
reason today.
I
think I think
Thank you.
[Music]
Yeah, I
have certain
That's something to keep in
mind. They're not important.
[Music]
Okay. Yeah.
Yeah.
[Music]
In that process, to go and do that.
That's sort
of the actual
um the
actual
word and
how this
is
show for example if you look at
um this
line we already have
um list of
special that that will be part of sort
of 10ear action
somewhere in that
schedule. Um where you know we weren't
saying
that we're
[Music]
saying
that our goal
is here.
That's
far and
What
policies me?
[Music]
I
think a lot of times building a lot of
that
[Music]
know.
based
on the
Bur development.
[Music]
I
Wow.
What
is that going to
very difficult to do.
You're probably
If you're feeling
Oh,
policy
[Music]
plan. All
right.
[Music]
That's Holy Spirit.
How you going to do that?
[Music]
Um
very short.
[Music]
But you go out
And I wanted
to go to
blue. So you can't but
can't
do that.
[Music]
And this is awesome.
Yeah. Yeah.
[Music]
That will go
up. So the idea is that
[Music]
Thank you.
What?
It's all
Thanks.
Perfect.
[Music]
Thank you.
Yeah. What?
Yeah. Okay.
There's been a lot of
[Music]
Yeah.
But I think
So for
I said that I can probably
single
one actually.
So first
[Music]
impact and in that
system and this work I mean I don't want
to go
where I don't care about
[Music]
Just be careful.
Why?
Don't stop here. Um, can you do it
before
and all things that they basically say,
well, maybe not.
But by
having
you
on All
around
Yeah.
[Music]
4. Okay.
Yeah.
[Music]
That's what it
is. Take it
[Music]
out. You don't have to have
Yeah. Yeah.
A lot of folks
I know that.
[Music]
require
time as long as you have the
process.
So on top of that goes out and the new
is
that and then
[Music]
again you're going to
be and
[Music]
Fire.
Yeah.
You know what makes sense? You
know
[Music]
that makes sense.
on a conversation. What happens
is you know part of that
process they're probably thinking
[Music]
It's
not
required.
So very
simply
so that
Um, that's
why
[Music]
I
got to market.
You know that's why you want to have a
single friend. So then those who step in
and get to go out to school and look at
that
alter go
around that.
I don't know.
But that
other trail.
together. We should do the wiring.
[Music]
courtyard requirements.
So that's where
Um, I know.
Follow
Oh, so much.
[Music]
It has impact on your
Hold up.
Yeah, there's
using the
process don't have to
go. Okay.
money to be made.
75.
Oh, there we go.
Goodbye.
Nothing.
Yeah.
[Music]
Yes. For Google.
victory.
Yeah. Yeah.